README.md, before:

# Bird Bot

### Discord bot that chirps

Prefixes: 

- !birdbot
- !bb
- @BirdBot

Type **!bb help** to see the list of commands

## Features

**Catch Random Bird**

Once a day at a random time a wild bird will appear. 
Type `!birdbot catchbird` to catch the bird. Type `!bb amount` to check how many birds you have. Admin also has the power to trigger bird's emergence at any time

![birdbot](https://api.monosnap.com/file/download?id=YMCd1YPPLsb1Hng7yfxlPHvBayJ9eG)

----------------------
**Talking Parrot**

Create a hidden chat and set its id in bot settings. Everything you will type in this chat birdbot will repeat in the general chat.

![birdbot](https://api.monosnap.com/file/download?id=2IEtLuPLRvHucimly90SQA9BaRlZiE)

**Poliglot bird**

Chirps is many languages randomly

![birdbot](https://api.monosnap.com/file/download?id=dkN2SwtaLOfabYhFQ1oIhmdnCgjAMq)

----------------------------

Also:

**Free hugs**

>user: !birdbot hug @friend
>
>bot: @user hugs @friend

**Proposes a topic** 
 
 >user: !bb topic
 > 
 >bot: *New topic:* Human beings. Wow

**...And more:**

 >user: !bb quote the raven
 > 
 >bot: Nevermore

 >user: !bb tickle @friend
 > 
 >bot: @user tickles @friend

 >user: @Birdbot what is the word
 > 
 >bot: bird bird bird :bird:

 >user: !bb tell @friend he's cute
 > 
 >bot: @friend chirp chirp

Commit message:

feat: Added `set frequncy N` command to set the number of days for random bird to appear

README.md, after:

# Bird Bot

### Discord bot that chirps

Prefixes: 

- !birdbot
- !bb
- @BirdBot

Type **!bb help** to see the list of commands

## Features

**Catch Random Bird**

Once in the defined amount of days at a random time a wild bird will appear. 
Type `!birdbot catchbird` to catch the bird. Type `!bb amount` to check how many birds you have. Admin also has the power to trigger bird's emergence at any time

![birdbot](https://api.monosnap.com/file/download?id=YMCd1YPPLsb1Hng7yfxlPHvBayJ9eG)

Admin can set frequency in days:
![birdbot](https://api.monosnap.com/file/download?id=6zAasvgDIv9Fqn8gODOQWJQ1D9YZna)

----------------------
**Talking Parrot**

Create a hidden chat and set its id in bot settings. Everything you will type in this chat birdbot will repeat in the general chat.

![birdbot](https://api.monosnap.com/file/download?id=2IEtLuPLRvHucimly90SQA9BaRlZiE)

**Poliglot bird**

Chirps is many languages randomly

![birdbot](https://api.monosnap.com/file/download?id=dkN2SwtaLOfabYhFQ1oIhmdnCgjAMq)

----------------------------

Also:

**Free hugs**

>user: !birdbot hug @friend
>
>bot: @user hugs @friend

**Proposes a topic** 
 
 >user: !bb topic
 > 
 >bot: *New topic:* Human beings. Wow

**...And more:**

 >user: !bb quote the raven
 > 
 >bot: Nevermore

 >user: !bb tickle @friend
 > 
 >bot: @user tickles @friend

 >user: @Birdbot what is the word
 > 
 >bot: bird bird bird :bird:

 >user: !bb tell @friend he's cute
 > 
 >bot: @friend chirp chirp
